About the Software Engineer, API at Headspace:


Headspace is seeking a talented Software Engineer to join its growing B2B Org. Our org is responsible for building and maintaining the eligibility systems and the enrollment experiences for our growing enterprise & SME customer base, as well as building partnership integrations for strategic partnerships. This role in particular is for the partnerships team wherein you'll be tasked with prototyping, architecting, and executing on the creation of our enterprise platform, and be integral in the B2B org’s continued growth. We are also big on sharing knowledge, helping each other learn and get better, and you will see frequent mini-tech talks throughout the year. 


Being on the Headspace engineering team, you’ll be working on a product that impacts more than 65M users. You will help us bring new features to life to meet our mission, while also helping push our platform to newer technologies as we embrace the cutting edge. A big goal needs talented people, so come join us and give your job a sense of purpose!


What you will do:



Design and develop high-volume, low-latency applications for mission-critical systems

Write well designed, testable, performant, and efficient code

Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle, from collaborating with product stakeholders, writing tech specs & RFCs, to feature release and operations

Build APIs, primarily on Typescript/Node.js for our AWS-based services

Work with product and engineering teams to release services that operate at our high scale


What you will bring:


Share the key skills, experience, qualifications & attributes needed to be successful in this role.


Think of this section as skills-based qualifications (using specific skills and competencies as the requirements for the job). Utilize the role kick-off meeting with the recruiter to go over must-haves, nice-to-haves, and soft skills to screen for. Please try to keep this section concise and only to what is required to the role. 


Required Skills:



At least 2-3 years of hands-on software development experience, building APIs, (micro)services

Ability to collaborate with product managers, designers, and other engineers 

Experience implementing, testing and shipping new features in a remote environment

Experience with unit, integration, and end-to-end testing, as well as using CI/CD system

Strong communication skills, both written and verbal


Preferred Skills:



BS/MS degree in Computer Science, with 2+ years of software engineering experience

Experience with Node.JS and Typescript

Strong understanding of database management and object-oriented programming


Pay & Benefits:


The base salary range for this role is determined by a number of factors, including but not limited to skills and scope required, relevant licensure and certifications, and unique relevant experience and job-related skills. The base salary range for this role is $96,411-$133,903.


At Headspace, cash salary is but one component of our Total Rewards package. We’re proud of our robust package inclusive of: base salary, stock awards, comprehensive healthcare coverage, monthly wellness stipend, retirement savings match, lifetime Headspace membership, unlimited, free mental health coaching, generous parental leave, and much more. Paid performance incentives are also included for those in eligible roles. Additional details about our Total Rewards package will be provided during the recruitment process.


How we feel about Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging:


Headspace is committed to bringing together humans from different backgrounds and perspectives, providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We strive to create a diverse & inclusive environment where everyone can thrive, feel a sense of belonging, and do impactful work together. 